# Simon Game

## Overview

Welcome to the Simon Game project! This is a fun and interactive game where players must repeat a sequence of lights and sounds generated by the game. This project is a part of my web development courses and serves as a code-along project to enhance my skills in JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML**: For structuring the game interface.
- **CSS**: For styling the game elements and making it visually appealing.
- **JavaScript**: For implementing game logic and event listeners.

## Features

- **Color Sequence**: The game randomly generates a sequence of colors that players must repeat.
- **User Interaction**: Players can click on colored buttons to interact with the game.
- **Sound Effects**: Each color button produces a sound when clicked.
- **Score Tracking**: The game keeps track of the player's score and the current level.

## Getting Started

To run the Simon Game locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Simon-Game.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the project directory**:
   ```bash
   cd Simon-Game
   ```

3. **Open `index.html` in your web browser**:
   You can open the file directly or use a local server.

## Live Site
You can play the Simon Game live at: https://ranjan-n.github.io/Simon-Game/


## How to Play

1. You need to press any key to start the game.
2. The game will start with a sequence of colors lighting up.
3. Click the buttons in the same order as the sequence.
4. If you repeat the sequence correctly, a new color will be added to the sequence.
5. If you make a mistake, the game will end, and your score will be displayed.

## Contribution

This project is part of my learning journey, and contributions or feedback are welcome. If you have any suggestions or improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request!
